The Process element in the Shipment XML format accepts a number of keywords which impact the handling of your submission. You can specify multiple keywords by delimiting with the plus sign (+).

Current flag keywords:

* `NOW` - (Strongly Recommended) The transmission will be interpreted synchronously and a comprehensive result data set will be included in the HTTP response. Usually, this will include a shipment tracking number. Without this flag, the transmission will be queued for later interpretation. The HTTP response will have minimal information. Any detailed result data would be sent asynchronously in a separate transmission to a URL established during account setup.
* `FULL` - (Recommended) Shipment will be flagged as "customer processed". Our operations team will not act on a shipment unless it has been customer processed. Once a shipment is customer processed, no adjustments may be made through this API. Contact operations directly for any further changes. Note that a valid username and password is required for this processing flag, and the user must have access to create and process orders for the controller and bill-to specified.
* `CHARGES` - Response will contain summary charge information (total charges) in a node named "TotalCharges" immediately under the "Response" node. This flag must correspond with `NOW`. The specified username and password must be valid, and the user must have access to create and process orders for the controller and bill-to specified.
* `DELAGENT` - Must correspond with `NOW`. Delivery Agent information will be returned with shipment acknolwedgement data. This will extend processing time as the system calculates and applies the appropriate routing. Username and Password security is enforced. For some delivery locations, no delivery agent information can be automatically determined.
* `CANCEL` - Shipment will be canceled. Shipment must not be customer processed, nor in transit. This flag will preempt most other flags. The MFSTextID or MFSID must be supplied. Username and password must be valid, and user must have access to create and process orders for the controller and bill-to specified.
* `CUSTCARRIER` - Last Mile Style shipment will be updated with customer-controlled carrier tracking information. This flag will preempt most other flags. The MFSTextID or MFSID must be supplied. Username and password must be valid, and user must have access to create and process orders with the controller and bill-to specified.
* `MAKERETURN` - We will create a Return shipment in the opposite direction of the original, linked as part of an Advance Exchange (AX) group.
* `LABEL` - Must correspond with `NOW`. Label printer code will be returned with shipment acknowledgment data. The default language is Datamax.
* `LABEL_DATAMAX` - Must correspond with `LABEL`. Indicates the label printer code will be in the Datamax label printing language.
* `LABEL_ZEBRA` - Must correspond with `LABEL`. Indicates the label printer code will be in the Zebra label printing language.
* `LABEL_EPL2` - Must correspond with `LABEL`. Indicates the label printer code will be in the EPL2 (some Zebra, formerly Eltron printers, especially those used by UPS and FedEx) label printing lanaguage.
* `LABEL_COGNITIVE` - Must correspond with `LABEL`. Indicates the label printer code will be in the Cognitive label printing language.
* `NONAMESWAP` - The default behavior is to swap the Name and Contact fields of any address if the Name field is blank and the Contact field is not. (The system requires a non-blank Name to process a shipment, so it's convenient for the calling application to have our system automatically swap these values if the name has been placed in the Contact field instead of the Name field.) Specifying this flag suppress this default swapping behavior.
* `CLEANVIEW` - Only relevant if ShipmentFeeder.asp is used. Acknowledgment page will be formatted in a user-friendly manner. Must NOT correspond with `LABEL`.
* `BOLDRREDIR` - Only relevant if ShipmentFeeder.asp is used. Acknowledgment page will automatically redirect to shipment's Delivery Receipt. Must correspond with `NOW`. Must correspond with `FULL`. Must correspond with `CLEANVIEW`.
* `INVENTORY` - Shipment will be integrated with inventory management system. Several other flags are incompatible with this, such as `FULL`, `NONAMESWAP`, `DELAGENT`, `CUSTCARRIER`, and `MAKERETURN`.
